# FT4 Shop App

- Must have
    - Ability to display product information.
        - Ability to search data/filter it
            - Search by product or description.
            - See recently accessed products
            - Spell checking/correction
            - Ability to filter by location (depending on store) - Geo location API
            
    - Data must be from multiple sources.
        - This requires the ability to take data from multiple APIs
        - Normalize it
        - Get the data in a standardised format.
    
    - Ability for people to create shopping lists from that data.
        - People need to be able to create/edit/delete/update multiple shopping lists (CRUD)
        - Analytics - Visualize the total costs, travelling time and other information and supermarket recommendations.
    - Ability to display other information based off the back of the shopping list.
        - Displaying potential recipes from ingredients.
    
    - Display maps to show the location of the prices and visualize the prices over multiple supermarkets.
        - Take search results or shopping lists and visualize it on a map.
        - Shopping list on one tab, floaty supermarket pricing on a map and calculation of all shopping list.
    - Ability for people to be able to scan an item and view products based off of the bar code.
        - Bar code scanning / Camera input
        - Feed data back into the product search item.
    - Data display - Pricing system to be aware of what user’s discount codes are available based on clubcard membership
        - What discounts users are entitled to.
        - Adapt pricing based on that particular data. Assuming API gives that data.
    - Login system to store data for users. (backend required)
        - Create account login
        - View your account
        - View your information
    - Store card discounts
    - Adding of Shopping items
    

- Should have
    - Any leftover ingredients, can be used to build a recipe (there is an API for this).
    - Meal plans based on lower priced items, based on family size or dietary preferences.
    - Some algorithm recommending stuff based on users previous activity. Mapping what facilities are available.
    - Shopping lists breakdowns per supermarket
    - When you’re in the shop, scan the barcode with your phone and find cheapest supermarket and find the cheapest price, or scan to input the cheapest price.

- Could have
    - P2P shopping lists to allow users to share lists to other people.
    - Business location API
    - Ability to evaluate for a bolt purchase or better off bulk buying/ gap between discounts.
    - Crowdsourcing data, if there is a price fluctuation, user input for a sale.
    - Petrol Savings between petrol stations/big outlets on a map.